# My Approach to Understanding Bioinformatics

A comprehensive [blog](https://bitesizebio.com/38236/how-to-become-a-bioinformatician/) has been my starting point towards understanding Bioinformatics. While purusing my integrated masters in Life Sciences my goal is to utilize my time constructively in gaining as many skills in the field of Bioinformatics as I can to make myself ready for a Industry job. My focus is will be on working as many hands on projects as possible to gain meaningful experience of what it means to be a Bioinformatician. 

A little about me, I am an extensively curious person who loves to solve logical problems and explore the mysteries of Biology. I fell in love with biology when I realised about the miracle of life and how a couple of cells come together to make such wonderfully complex organisms. Going in depth I realised the potential of this field when it comes to figuring out the mysteries of this world, right down to the first organism that came into existence billions of years ago, it fascinates me to imagine how our world has evolved over the past milleniums and the immense potential we still dont know about. I started my undergraduate studies in Life sciences rather than a specific field of biology and that has helped me get a comprehensive view of the expanse of knowledge we have uncovered about the living systems on earth from micro-organisms to plant and complex organisms. For as long as I can remember, I have been good at computers, I remember dismantling and reassembling my iphone in 7th grade because it had broken down. Solving problems is my passion and when I put my mind to it I can eventually figure out any problem thrown my way. So when I was introduced to Bioinformatics in my sophmore year I took an instant liking to the field and Now I am ready to dedicate my life to figuring out the problems of computational biology. :)

